chore(docs): Adds two key steps on building ecommerce sites with Stripe tutorial (#18669)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/tutorial/ecommerce-tutorial/index.md

While testing, you must use the key(s) that include _test_. For production code, you will need to use the live keys. As the names imply, your publishable key may be included in code that you share publicly (for example, on the frontend, and in GitHub), whereas your secret key should not be shared with anyone or committed to any public repo. It’s important to restrict access to this secret key because anyone who has it could potentially read or send requests from your Stripe account and see information about charges or purchases or even refund customers.

### Enabling the "Checkout client-only integration" for your Stripe account

Through this tutorial you will be using the "Checkout client-only integration" from Stripe. To use this integration you need to activate it on the corresponding [Checkout settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/checkout/settings) from your Stripe Dashboard.

![Stripe control to enable the Checkout client-side only integration highlighted](stripe-checkout-clientside-functionality.png)

> > 💡 This change will also modify the interface that Stripe provides to administrate your products, keep this in mind in case you have previously used this tool. If you have never used the product administrator, you don't need to worry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 This change will also modify the interface that Stripe provides to administer your products: keep this in mind in case you have previously used this tool. If you have never used the product administrator, you don't need to worry.
```

#### Create a product and SKU

> To sell your products, first you need to create them on Stripe using the [Stripe Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/products) or the [Stripe API](https://stripe.com/docs/api/products/create). This is required for Stripe to validate that the request coming from the frontend is legitimate and to charge the right amount for the selected product/SKU. Stripe requires every SKU used with Stripe Checkout to have a name, be sure to add one to all of your SKUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sell your products, first you need to create them on Stripe using the [Stripe Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/products) or the [Stripe API](https://stripe.com/docs/api/products/create). This is required for Stripe to validate that the request coming from the frontend is legitimate and to charge the right amount for the selected product/SKU. Stripe requires every SKU used with Stripe Checkout to have a name: be sure to add one to all of your SKUs.
```

export default Checkout
```

> Be sure to enable the Checkout client-only integration on your Stripe dashboard to use the redirectToCheckout integration, you may do that in this url: https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/checkout/settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be sure to enable the "Checkout client-only integration" on your Stripe dashboard to be able to use the redirectToCheckout integration. You can activate the integration in your [Stripe settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/checkout/settings).
```

Let's use a nicer link to the settings and clarify the wording a bit.

Author: Thank you @LekoArts I just pushed the requested changes.

> Be sure to enable the "Checkout client-only integration" on your Stripe dashboard to be able to use the redirectToCheckout integration. You can activate the integration in your [Stripe settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/checkout/settings).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Be sure to enable the "Checkout client-only integration" on your Stripe dashboard to be able to use the `redirectToCheckout` integration. You can activate the integration in your [Stripe settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/checkout/settings).
```

Reviewer 3: You use double in this line and others - and I can not comment on lines not in PR changes:

Can you also change from single quotes to double quotes in line 117

> `'Viewing test data'`

> ![Stripe control to enable the Checkout client-side only integration highlighted](stripe-checkout-clientside-functionlality.png)

Reviewer 3: I filename is also this typo

```suggestion
![Stripe control to enable the Checkout client-side only integration highlighted](stripe-checkout-clientside-functionality.png)
```

}
```

> To retrieve your SKUs from your Stripe account you will need to provide your secret API key. This key needs to be kept secret and must never be shared on the frontend or on GitHub. Therefore you need to set an environment variable to store the secret key. You can read more about the usage of env variables in Gatsby [here](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/environment-variables/).

Reviewer: We usually add more specific text for URLs to improve accessibility, so this would be good to fix here (it also changes it to use a relative URL):
```suggestion
To retrieve your SKUs from your Stripe account you will need to provide your secret API key. This key needs to be kept secret and must never be shared on the frontend or on GitHub. Therefore you need to set an environment variable to store the secret key. You can read more about the usage of env variables in the [Gatsby docs](/docs/environment-variables/).
```
